World description

the world is Earth but several thousand years in the future where the human race has almost eradicated itself. And the continents have been destroyed with only 4 big islands left, named Alecrast, Lodoss island, 
everyone has forgotten how technologically advanced the world was back when humans were the master race. at the hight of human civilization the Earth was about to give up on life on the planet, and human scientist tried their hardest to genetically alter humans so we could survive the harsh climate we ourselves had forced the earth to have. The air had become toxic to humans but plants didn't seem to care and much of the wild life seemed to adapt rather quickly. what the scientist created at first was the ancesters of the different fantasy races like elves and orcs, but they weren't exactly what we know as those races yet, they evolved over the centuries, but in the biginning they were used as slaves for they were not human so the laws against slavery didn't cover them. 
   but the toxic air continued to ravish the human population until only scientist in special sealed labs remained. These scientist continued to work on enhancing the human race and were successful in making their grand-children immune. but it was too little too late, the human race's time was over. The scientist realized this and after a century locked in the sealed labs they let overyone out, no more slaves of the new races and together with the few human who had become  immune they walked out of the labs to start a new life. The remains of human civilization were all swallowed up by nature and nothing on the surface of the Earth could be used to indicate that the human race were once so great as to almost rule the world. 

About 2 thousand years after the release of the new humanoid races 4 celestial beings aproached Earth to study it. The diversity of a single type of creature was interesting to them, so they aproached the inhabitants of Earth. Many years past were the celestial beings were being worshipped by the humanoid races and the celestrials taught the races many things, like the "toxins" in the air could be used as a powersource for a lot of things. this powersource was given the name: mana and the use of mana: magic. In time the celestials begane arguing with eachother about their status as "gods" and what to do with this. 3 of the celestials wanted to stop interfering in the lives of the humanoids but the fourth disagreed and wanted to rule as a "god". He then proptly disappeared and declared war on the 3 others. they then agreed 
with eachother to guide the humaoids but not directly do anything, so if the fourth returned they would help us defeat him. And so the 3 chose 6 people with special gifts to act as their champions, who when they died would be reincarnated into new bodies so a band of heroes always would be ready to fight the fourth celestial. 

today the 3 celetials, Morrigan, Juno and Diana, as they have been named by the humanoids, each have "churches" dedicated to each of them, and each has been given domains they mainly stand for:

Morrigan:{ air, animal, chaos, earth, healing, liberation, luck, plant, scalykind, strength, sun, trickery, vermin, water, weather} favorite weapon type: ranged piercing

Juno:{ community, fire, glory, good, healing, knowledge, liberation, nobility, protection, ruins, sun, travel, war} favorite weapon type: slashing

Diana:{ artifice, charm, community, knowledge, law, magic, nobility, protection, repose, rune, glory, void} favorite weapon type: bludgeoning

and then there's a small but devoted group who worship Morpheus 
his domains:{ charm, darkness, death, destruction, evil, glory, knowledge, madness, magic, ruins, scalykind, strength, trickery, vermin, void, war } favorite weapon type: melee piercing



In this world exist several different societies and kingdoms but most follow a feudal or medieval way. but a few societies stand out like this one called Oliviana:

Men are looked upon as having an easier time succomming to violence and betrayal than women and as such woman rule this society and men are for the most part used only for breeding though marriage is a common thing. Children are not raised by their parents but in groups by a group of females with training or males who have been deemed skillful in this field
Children doesn't know their parents but are given a necklace with a specail code which descripe who is their parents, and when the child has come of age they can learn who their parents are if they so desire. Parent can request to learn who their child is  when they desire to, but this is uncommon and seen as not ideal for the society at large. Men are trainedmostly in combat, or priesthood if they express talent for the divine, or in other fields if they are deem skillful.
The rulers are women who have trained in societal problems all their life and ascend to the post of consular when an old consular retires. 
